As long as you are willing to join Hengtai Group
Whatever you want.
In addition
General Director Ha, let me remind you of a question.
He promised Thien was a chicken thief and a dog thief.
This is self-study.
Kang Dong meant that too.
After the general, did your husband go insane?
Last night until now was based on the word Libra, why did he say such words?
This woman.
Anyway, this is about my mother.
Will definitely be fired.
I know.
Of which 13 million is all my salary and bonus for 3 years in Giang Vinh.
This was also after I joined Giang Vinh.
What do you mean?
These are all the things I got after joining Jiang Bay.
Now give it all back to you.
Talk to Thought Thien Hao
From this year
I promise that the ocean and the ocean have nothing to do with it anymore.
I promise not to beat you.
These things don't belong to you.
Now returning to the Giang Vinh Group is also a matter of course.
Jiang Zi, you should treat such a good person and cry.
Let the dog talk.
This is the criminal style of Jiang Bay.
Okay, although this time the accident cost the company more than that.
Because you're a former employee.
Doesn't compensation count?
Hey, I haven't said anything yet.
The perpetrator of the river crossing accident.
I want you to apologize online.
Give me a Thanh Minh
Otherwise, wait for Giang Vinh's lawyer to arrive.
Cau Giang, you are so cruel.
So what?
This statement.
You don't have to spend it.
General Manager Guo, I heard you want Hengtai Group.
Tu Ha Bay
The gym.
Not bad, even if Hengtai has to help young people not give up.
I get it.
Hengtai will change its name for you from tomorrow.